new(docker): streamline docker images (#3273)
falcosecurity/falco: docker/README.md

|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [falcosecurity/falco:latest](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/falcosecurity/falco), [falcosecurity/falco:_tag_](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/falcosecurity/falco), [falcosecurity/falco:master](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/falcosecurity/falco)                                                                                                          | docker/falco                | Distroless image based on the latest released tar.gz of Falco. 

> No tools are included in the image.                                                                              |

Reviewer: Shouldn't this line be in the description of the previous raw?

Reviewer 2: good catch - fixing

> | [falcosecurity/falco:latest](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/falcosecurity/falco), [falcosecurity/falco:_tag_](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/falcosecurity/falco), [falcosecurity/falco:master](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/falcosecurity/falco)                                                                                                          | docker/falco                | Distroless image based on the latest released tar.gz of Falco. 
> No tools are included in the image.                                                                              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [falcosecurity/falco:latest](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/falcosecurity/falco), [falcosecurity/falco:_tag_](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/falcosecurity/falco), [falcosecurity/falco:master](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/falcosecurity/falco)                                                                                                          | docker/falco                | Distroless image based on the latest released tar.gz of Falco. No tools are included in the image.                                                                              |
```

| [falcosecurity/falco:latest-debian](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/falcosecurity/falco), [falcosecurity/falco:_tag_-debian](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/falcosecurity/falco), [falcosecurity/falco:master-debian](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/falcosecurity/falco)                                                                                     | docker/falco-debian         | Debian-based image without driver building toolchain support, based on the latest released Deb of Falco (similar to the old falcosecurity/falco-no-driver image). May include some tools (ie. jq, curl), but not falcoctl. |

> | [falcosecurity/falco-driver-loader:latest](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/falcosecurity/falco-driver-loader), [falcosecurity/falco-driver-loader:_tag_](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/falcosecurity/falco-driver-loader), [falcosecurity/falco-driver-loader:master](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/falcosecurity/falco-driver-loader)                      | docker/driver-loader        | Based on falcosecurity/falco:x.y.z-debian (see above) plus the driver building toolchain support and also shipping the latest version of falcoctl. Recommended only when modern eBPF is not supported.                     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [falcosecurity/falco-driver-loader:latest](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/falcosecurity/falco-driver-loader), [falcosecurity/falco-driver-loader:_tag_](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/falcosecurity/falco-driver-loader), [falcosecurity/falco-driver-loader:master](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/falcosecurity/falco-driver-loader)                      | docker/driver-loader        | Based on falcosecurity/falco:x.y.z-debian (see above) plus the driver building toolchain support and falcoctl. This is intended to be used as an installer or an init container when modern eBPF cannot be used.                     |
```
